but good the poor one of me
locked in carabanchel for the rest
of your days ok because this can not
function
because if it works doña paty if it works
you do not worry about anything that
we take care of everything here
we have the other reference books
we blow the answers and this gang
to inflate the answer to it hear look
here the only uncultivated there was my
mother who is in glory because I look
I do not need any cyclops of crooked
was the first of the class to be
learn
are you sure what things are
I thought this was a den of me
scammers and it turns out that it's the real
academy is responsible for the transmission and
I'll take care of the questions
Anxel Min is in charge of science
together with anna pruden of geography and
the history
smith of literature I too
order of the arts you quiet that
Your florida is in the hands of experts from
this is the place where I say no
I do not doubt his wisdom but
because we do not do a test
as a test a proof that a
test I ask and the specialist
answer here he heard the list of the
questions at the time of the last exam that
the stupid one surprised me
for example goes the court and asks
what is a polygon sucked a man with
many women
what is baroque architecture
what are we going to assist in making the houses
with mud
what are the seas of greece
nor is it telling me that the Ionic to the torico and
the corinthians has seen you as yes
I do not know I do not know I'm not sure that
that answer ar have keep in mind
that has caught them cold without going over and
then of course there is not the expert
expert
the expert our particular wise one
true luminary a well of wisdom
we will have it as a support element and
you have a very prepared boy already
that will know him like that I hope because
until you see it and check your
knowledge
I do not loose a hard
morning